Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english,Context
JokeModVersionTextKey,label,JM Version,,,"Joke Mod V4.3.3",,

version3Tip,Journal Tip,,,,"Key Version 4 Features: https://rb.gy/yh5kcq much more! Please see full release notes for every change/update.",,
version3Tip_title,Journal Tip,,,,Version 4 Features,,

animalHippo,entityclasses,Entity,,,Hippopotamus,,
animalPenguin,entityclasses,Entity,,,Penguin,,
animalMimic,entityclasses,Entity,,,Totally Not A Mimic,,
EntityLootContainerMimic,entityclasses,Entity,,,Mimic Loot,,

animalStag,entityclasses,Entity,,,Bachelor Deer,,
animalDoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Doe Deer,,
animalRabbit,entityclasses,Entity,,,Booplesnoot,,
animalChicken,entityclasses,Entity,,,Peckerhead,,
animalBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Danger Floof,,
animalZombieBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Undead Murder Floof,,
animalWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,Forest Doggo,,
animalCoyote,entityclasses,Entity,,,Anti Roadrunner Doggo,,
animalDireWolf,entityclasses,Entity,,,Super Meanie Doggo,,
animalMountainLion,entityclasses,Entity,,,Snow Kitty,,
animalZombieVulture,entityclasses,Entity,,,Heat Seeking Devil Chicken,,
animalZombieVultureRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Heat Seeking Nuclear Chicken,,
animalZombieDog,entityclasses,Entity,,,Bad Dog,,
animalSnake,entityclasses,Entity,,,Danger Noodle,,
animalPig,entityclasses,Entity,,,Wild Bacon,,
animalBoar,entityclasses,Entity,,,Murder Bacon,,
animalBossGrace,entityclasses,Entity,,,Ms Double Meat Bacon,,
animalGiantMurderChicken,entityclasses,Entity,,,Giant Murder Chicken,,
animalRageCock,entityclasses,Entity,,,Rage Cock,,
animalCowMale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Big Mac,,
animalCowFemale,entityclasses,Entity,,,Moo Tao Beese,,
animalDerpyCow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Moo Tao Derp,,
animalBabyBear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Boo Boo,,
animalCrocodile,entityclasses,Entity,,,Croconope,,
animalShark,entityclasses,Entity,,,Gary,,
animalGoose,entityclasses,Entity,,,A-hole,,
animalScorpionBlack,entityclasses,Entity,,,Black Scorpion,,
animalScorpionYellow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Yellow Scorpion,,
animalSnail,entityclasses,Entity,,,Trail Snail,,

animalRaptorBlue,entityclasses,Entity,,,Blue Velociraptor,,
animalRaptorOrange,entityclasses,Entity,,,Orange Velociraptor,,


animalHouseCat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Le Chonk,,
animalDemonicFlappyBird,entityclasses,Entity,,,Demonic Flappy Bird,,
animalGoat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Billy,,
animalGiantMurderChickenHordeNight,entityclasses,Entity,,,Giant Murder Chicken,,
animalCowMaleHordeNight,entityclasses,Entity,,,Big Mac,,
animalCrocodileHordeNight,entityclasses,Entity,,,Croconope,,
animalSharkHordeNight,entityclasses,Entity,,,Gary,,
animalScorpionBlackHordeNight,entityclasses,Entity,,,Black Scorpion,,
animalScorpionYellowHordeNight,entityclasses,Entity,,,Yellow Scorpion,,
animalRaptorBlueHordeNight,entityclasses,Entity,,,Blue Velociraptor,,
animalRaptorOrangeHordeNight,entityclasses,Entity,,,Orange Velociraptor,,

ttResurrectMaxXPLost,UI,Tooltip,,,Have you tried not dying?,,
